The battle has been broadcast, I'm going to take a look at your simple results.
Thank you.
A false alarm. The child is fine.
When false hatred has passed many times, there is no need to report it.
Banxia, ​​what's wrong with you?
Please tell me, thank you for the smoker thing last time.
This is what I should do, I am the same,
You give up your hand, Pinellia ternata is a smoker,
Be respectful.
Say no, you don’t know yet, right?
I just like to smoke and eat.
Pinellia will not fall in love with smokers,
No need to force him, he will still be like this.
In front of your house, I said in my heart, I still have someone else,
I'm leaving first, you come and say this,
What does it mean?
I just told you about me
As for before you got angry with me
You said the Lin family is testing people?
Just test people's attitude
so i think
The person he dealt with
You may also be angry, I understand.
But he has no motive
I didn't fight for that if
He likes money value
Isn’t this a common machine? So?
You just wanted to test him
He sees our intimate situation
What he wrote has no breath of intelligence
Or he doesn't like the value for money
Or maybe he hid it too deeply
There is a gap between us
In this way we will be unhappy talking about it
he did it
There must be fighting for it
Let's go get another examiner.
I also have to prevent you from having an affair with him.
I've already sent him abroad, right?
you miss him
None of that
Since he's not here
let's go
The more you do it, the more you learn
He'd better be able to work hard
Give up now
It can be regarded as keeping our treasure for ourselves.
you are hungry again
It’s really a reverse turn of the all-gold fierce Baoxiang
You look like this
Awesome, you enjoy it
When I get up like this, I am working
But I actually decided to defend the active formation and the active formation
This one is often no less